= RELEASE HISTORY

== 1.2.0 / 2012-01-03

This is a major overhaul of the system. The most appaent change
is the remove of the default `plugins` location. Now the search
utility simply search the loadable paths from the top. If you
still want to use the plugins directory, that's a good idea and
you simply need to prepend `plugins/` to your search terms. E.g

    Plugin.find('foo')  -> Plugin.find('plugins/foo')

In addition to this the underlying implementation has been greatly
improved and does so to a large extent by appropriately extending
the underlying library systems with which it interfaces.

Changes:

* Deprecate default `plugins/` location.
* Improve implementation via system extensions.
* Improve Gem search to always return proper results.


== 1.1.0 / 2010-02-07

This release includes two significant adjustments.

First, the conventional plugin directory has been renamed to 'plugins/',
instead of 'plugin/'. I frequently shy away from plural names
(as in the tendency in Ruby), but in this case I believe it helps
differentiate it from regular library directories. It also frees 'plugin/'
should any separate scripts be required for this project in the future.

Second, should one need to search outside of the conventional 'plugins/'
location, the #find method will accept a :directory option. This usage
is discouraged, but is made available for the rare cases in which it
might prove necessary.

Changes:

* Standard Plugin directory is 'plugins/' instead of 'plugin/'.
* Can specify an alternate plugin directory by passing an option to #find.
* $LOAD_PATHS are expanded, so all paths are returned as full path names.


== 1.0.0 / 2009-11-24

This is the first official public release of Plugin.
Plugin provides a very easy way to locate plugins, and
this making it super easy for your project to support
pluggable components.

Changes:

* Happy Birthday

